Refresh design (#6)
plotly/dash-daq-iv-tracer: README.md

> # Dash-daq-iv-tracer

Reviewer: Either 
```suggestion
# `dash-daq-iv-tracer`
```

or 
```suggestion
# Dash DAQ IV Tracer
```

Author: 💯

## Introduction

> `dash-daq-iv-tracer` uses the graphic elements of Dash DAQ to create interface for acquiring current-voltage I-V curves with a Keithley 2400 SourceMeter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dash-daq-iv-tracer` uses the graphic elements of Dash DAQ to create an interface for acquiring current-voltage (I-V) curves with a Keithley 2400 SourceMeter.
```

Author: 💯

> Try this [demo app on dash deployment server](https://dash-gallery.plotly.host/dash-daq-iv-tracer), and get to know how it is created from [our blog post](https://www.dashdaq.io/build-an-i-v-curve-tracer-with-a-keithley-2400-sourcemeter-in-python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Try this demo app](https://dash-gallery.plotly.host/dash-daq-iv-tracer) on the Dash Deployment Server, and read more about the code in [our blog post](https://www.dashdaq.io/build-an-i-v-curve-tracer-with-a-keithley-2400-sourcemeter-in-python).
```

Author: 💯

> ### Technique/field associated with the instrument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### IV Curves
```
I meant that the text should be replaced with the technique/field, not the literal text that I wrote -- maybe this is too unclear?

Author: Got it :) I misunderstood it at the beginning

I-V curve is a good way to characterize electronic components (diode, transistor or solar cells) and extract their operating properties. It is widely used in electrical engineering and physics. 

> Keithley 2400 SourceMeter provides precision voltage and current sourcing as well as measurement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Keithley 2400 SourceMeter provides precision voltage and current sourcing as well as measurement. 
```

### dash-daq

> [Dash DAQ](dashdaq.io) is a data acquisition and control package built on top of Plotly's [Dash](https://plot.ly/products/dash/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Dash DAQ](dash.plot.ly/dash-daq) is a data acquisition and control package built on top of Plotly's [Dash](https://plot.ly/products/dash/). 
```

We're phasing out the Dash DAQ website pretty soon, so we might want to update these links to go to the docs for the library instead.

Author: 💯

## How to use the app

> To control your SourceMeter, you need to set the `mock` attribute to `False` in the `app.py` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control your SourceMeter, you need to set the `mock` attribute to `False` in the `app.py` file.
```

Author: 💯

You can also set the `mock` attribute to `True` in the `app.py` file.

> Open http://0.0.0.0:8050/ in your browser, and mock app interface will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open http://0.0.0.0:8050/ in your browser, and a mock app interface will be displayed.
```

Author: 💯

![initial](img/Screenshot_light.png)

> View dark theme layout of this app by clicking on the toggle in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the dark theme layout of this app by clicking on the toggle in the header.
```

Author: 💯

![initial](img/Screenshot_dark.png)

# Controls
* Sourcing toggle: Set source type as either voltage or current.
* Measure mode toggle: Set device in single measurement mode, or sweep mode.
* Knob: Adjust source value applied by turning the knob.
* Indicator: Indicator will light up when selected mode is active.
* Clear Graph button: Clear plot.
* LED Display: Measured value will be reflected on LED display.

> Click **LEARN MORE** button on the app to learn more about how outputs on your app responds to controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **LEARN MORE** button on the app to learn more about the interactions involved in this app.
```

Author: 💯

> For more detailed explanations please refer to the [blogpost](https://www.dashdaq.io/build-an-i-v-curve-tracer-with-a-keithley-2400-sourcemeter-in-python)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed explanations, please refer to the [blog post](https://www.dashdaq.io/build-an-i-v-curve-tracer-with-a-keithley-2400-sourcemeter-in-python)
```
Again, since we're phasing out the website, not sure if we should put this here. We can leave it in for now, but I'll probably have to go through and remove these links when the website is taken down.

Author: Sure.
